README.md, before:

# Curve Cross-Chain Governance

Extends the capabilities of the Curve DAO allowing it to interact with contracts on different networks.

## Optimism

### Deployment Steps

1. Deploy `Agent` blueprint to Optimism: `ape run deploy_blueprint Agent --network https://goerli.optimism.io/`
2. Deploy `OptimismRelayer` and `Vault` to Optimism: `ape run optimism --blueprint <AGENT_BLUEPRINT_ADDRESS> --network https://goerli.optimism.io/`
3. Deploy `OptimismBroadcaster` to Goerli: `ape run optimism --network :goerli:infura`

Note: The `OptimismRelayer` and the `OptimismBroadcaster` need to be deployed at the same address. To do so you need to use the same nonce. It's
preferable to generate a fresh account and use it for steps 2 and 3.

### Deployment Addresses

| Name                                                        | Address                                                                                                                          |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [L1 Broadcaster](contracts/optimism/OptimismBroadcaster.vy) | [0x8e1e5001C7B8920196c7E3EdF2BCf47B2B6153ff](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8e1e5001c7b8920196c7e3edf2bcf47b2b6153ff)            |
| [L2 Relayer](contracts/optimism/OptimismRelayer.vy)         | [0x8e1e5001C7B8920196c7E3EdF2BCf47B2B6153ff](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x8e1e5001c7b8920196c7e3edf2bcf47b2b6153ff) |
| [L2 Ownership Agent](contracts/Agent.vy)                    | [0x28c4A1Fa47EEE9226F8dE7D6AF0a41C62Ca98267](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x28c4A1Fa47EEE9226F8dE7D6AF0a41C62Ca98267) |
| [L2 Parameter Agent](contracts/Agent.vy)                    | [0xE7F2B72E94d1c2497150c24EA8D65aFFf1027b9b](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xE7F2B72E94d1c2497150c24EA8D65aFFf1027b9b) |
| [L2 Emergency Agent](contracts/Agent.vy)                    | [0x9fF1ddE4BE9BbD891836863d227248047B3D881b](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x9fF1ddE4BE9BbD891836863d227248047B3D881b) |
| [L2 Vault](contracts/Vault.vy)                              | [0xD166EEdf272B860E991d331B71041799379185D5](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xD166EEdf272B860E991d331B71041799379185D5) |

Commit message:

chore: start arbitrum section in README

README.md, after:

# Curve Cross-Chain Governance

Extends the capabilities of the Curve DAO allowing it to interact with contracts on different networks.

## Arbitrum

### Deployment Steps

1. Deploy `Agent` blueprint to Arbitrum: `ape run deploy_blueprint Agent --network https://goerli-rollup.arbitrum.io/rpc`
2. Deploy `ArbitrumRelayer` and `Vault` to Arbitrum: `ape run arbitrum --blueprint <AGENT_BLUEPRINT_ADDRESS> --network https://goerli-rollup.arbitrum.io/rpc`
3. Deploy `ArbitrumBroadcaster` to Goerli: `ape run arbitrum --arb-refund <ARB_VAULT_ADDRESS> --network :goerli:infura`

Note: The `ArbitrumRelayer` and the `ArbitrumBroadcaster` need to be deployed at the same address. To do so you need to use the same nonce. It's
preferable to generate a fresh account and use it for steps 2 and 3.

### Deployment Addresses

| Name                                                        | Address                                                                                                                          |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [L1 Broadcaster](contracts/arbitrum/ArbitrumBroadcaster.vy) | [](https://etherscan.io/address/)            |
| [L2 Relayer](contracts/arbitrum/ArbitrumRelayer.vy)         | [](https://arbiscan.io/address/) |
| [L2 Ownership Agent](contracts/Agent.vy)                    | [](https://arbiscan.io/address/) |
| [L2 Parameter Agent](contracts/Agent.vy)                    | [](https://arbiscan.io/address/) |
| [L2 Emergency Agent](contracts/Agent.vy)                    | [](https://arbiscan.io/address/) |
| [L2 Vault](contracts/Vault.vy)                              | [](https://arbiscan.io/address/) |

## Optimism

### Deployment Steps

1. Deploy `Agent` blueprint to Optimism: `ape run deploy_blueprint Agent --network https://goerli.optimism.io/`
2. Deploy `OptimismRelayer` and `Vault` to Optimism: `ape run optimism --blueprint <AGENT_BLUEPRINT_ADDRESS> --network https://goerli.optimism.io/`
3. Deploy `OptimismBroadcaster` to Goerli: `ape run optimism --network :goerli:infura`

Note: The `OptimismRelayer` and the `OptimismBroadcaster` need to be deployed at the same address. To do so you need to use the same nonce. It's
preferable to generate a fresh account and use it for steps 2 and 3.

### Deployment Addresses

| Name                                                        | Address                                                                                                                          |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [L1 Broadcaster](contracts/optimism/OptimismBroadcaster.vy) | [0x8e1e5001C7B8920196c7E3EdF2BCf47B2B6153ff](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8e1e5001c7b8920196c7e3edf2bcf47b2b6153ff)            |
| [L2 Relayer](contracts/optimism/OptimismRelayer.vy)         | [0x8e1e5001C7B8920196c7E3EdF2BCf47B2B6153ff](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x8e1e5001c7b8920196c7e3edf2bcf47b2b6153ff) |
| [L2 Ownership Agent](contracts/Agent.vy)                    | [0x28c4A1Fa47EEE9226F8dE7D6AF0a41C62Ca98267](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x28c4A1Fa47EEE9226F8dE7D6AF0a41C62Ca98267) |
| [L2 Parameter Agent](contracts/Agent.vy)                    | [0xE7F2B72E94d1c2497150c24EA8D65aFFf1027b9b](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xE7F2B72E94d1c2497150c24EA8D65aFFf1027b9b) |
| [L2 Emergency Agent](contracts/Agent.vy)                    | [0x9fF1ddE4BE9BbD891836863d227248047B3D881b](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x9fF1ddE4BE9BbD891836863d227248047B3D881b) |
| [L2 Vault](contracts/Vault.vy)                              | [0xD166EEdf272B860E991d331B71041799379185D5](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xD166EEdf272B860E991d331B71041799379185D5) |
